well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about silver and gold and Kings and
Vikings and tradition and history in
2015 two guys with their metal detectors
and hereford sure stumbled across a
Viking stash of coins and jewelry
Vikings like people for thousands of
years stored their wealth and precious
mountains the coins these guys found
were eleven hundred years old and
they're standing there looking down in
this hole at 300 coins worth roughly 3.8
million dollars u.s. now if you make a
fine that's significant you're supposed
to alert the authorities just but
destiny is all they're looking down in
this hole with this money and they
decided to keep it try to sell it on the
open market they've just got convicted
from an archaeological standpoint this
is a travesty out of these 300 coins 31
have been recovered some of those are
rewriting history some of them are what
it's called to Emperor coins they
marking an alliance between Alfred the
Great of Wessex and Cael wolf ii of the
king of Mercia
and that's very surprising because
traditionally the king of Mercy is kind
of viewed as a an unimportant figure
only reigned for a couple of years and
is often cast as kind of a puppet of the
Vikings these coins tell a very
different story these coins suggests
that he was in an act of alliance with
Alfred the Great fighting them now the
histories at the time while they're a
little murky about 879 the sky just
disappears and Alfred has his land
Alfred has control of Mercy it's almost
as if Alfred had him deleted had him
wrote out of history
it's kind of like maybe these coins are
suggesting that it is very possible that
offered the great did something not so
great in obtaining this kingdom you know
something like that it seems like
something you would want to record in
your s3 how you wound up with this
that's not really there it's not there
it's leading to a lot of speculation it
is a pending history and tradition and
understand for Americans that may not
know and if you don't want to catch an
easy view of it there's a series called
the last Kingdom on Netflix but this
would be like finding out that Benedict
Arnold was actually working for us the
whole time
and this is this is the formation this
is the beginning of the United Kingdom
as we know it and England and there's a
huge gap there there's something that is
not right so that tradition has to be
changed silver and gold even today
survivalists will tell you to keep some
around because it's always valuable it
has intrinsic value they say but does it
it's just now
or is it more like the history and
traditions of a nation has value because
we've believed in it for so long
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night